this blues greet you and invites
talk about volleyball and for sure
fans of the torpedo which today
will go to the stadiums which talks about
that this is homecoming
will be nostalgic for them this match
this is such a nostalgic moment they
remember that there was a past
whether those who played here played what
great volleyball players volleyball player we
in either the sheets here performed
everyone here knows what happens to
sports fights such as volitional
match
we live in the most wonderful country and
all other countries envy us only
In our country, the failure of the national team can
write off non-port commentators
only in our country can dismiss
trainer with wording low
Kis captive and how to remove preventive measures
him from his seat a sandwich without quranya
tried to do
footballers of Terek this they managed the best
match player today from the team who
won a big victory sure
the best player of the match you have recognized kevin
Kuranyi
I remember twist in my string instrument
almost nothing is visible no I'm so high
he thought up
blown down there
let me triple
I eat
no flakes on his face gray earth not
will be
back motor swallowing cold air
I'm the most stubborn drawer and I am going to visit
the sun to think where the black strip of the mountain
Pryakhin cold city
wanders the streets became sad
which one
jaso
myself
cities
where
from the zones there me a kiss from the sun